Late August, 2015

A sign at Slavia saying "Přísný zákaz". Going into the water is strictly prohibited. Would more people go in if it was only prohibited?

There is a dog swimming in the water at Slavia. It is a Weimerana, a type of dog from Germany. Some children are watching the 
dog playing in the water. It seems to make them happy. Some adults are upset that the dog is in the water. The dog's owner is 
Romany (a gypsy). I wonder if fewer people would be upset if he was not.

[Viemerana]

A man playing with his dog as he walks up Vršovická street. The dog runs ahead of him. He stoops. The dog jumps up to him.

A tram going backwards to go into the vozovna. The driver has opened a panel at the back of the tram and has some buttons 
there. He is leaning over the seat.

[buttons]

A man with a skateboard is picking his nose in the courtyard of a vegetarian restaurant. He has not bought any food. He has 
dreadlocks. After a while he stops picking his nose. He starts watching some birds and smiles.

[dreadlocks]
[picking your nose]
[smiles]

There is a graffito at Vltavská. It says "Prezident je debil 2015". It means "The president is an idiot 2015". I think, "That's true, he is."

I notice a plaque on a wall by Ruská tram stop. It is for Václav Talich who lived and died in the house. I decided I will read about him.

[plaque]

I am running down from Riegrovy sady and see the road sign Anny Letenské. I decide to read about her.

I see myself in the mirror in the lift. "I look old and stupid with a beard," I think. "But then, I look young(er) and stupid 
without one," I think.

[beard]

The food is much better in Galicia in Spain than in Prague... But then the women are not as pretty.

Watch three people taking a piano out of a van and pushing it on a little trolley on cobble stones. I think "should I help 
them or should I take a photograph?" I do neither.

24th August, 2015

A Golden Retriver (or is it a Labrador?), walking in Holešovice limping on its back foot.

[Golden Retriever]
[Labrador]
[Limping]

I see a man with a beard and a shaved head. "He looks better than I do with that with a beard and no hair," I think.

A blind man sits on the tram listening to his phone. It is reading to him, or maybe it is a quiz. When he turns it on, his 
phone says "turning on". When he unlocks it, it says "unlocking". It speaks to him in a very fast voice, which sounds strange 
because it is fast, and because it is a computer speaker. It is clever though. I am impressed and I think other people on the tram feel the same.

9th September, 2015

Coming back from climbing at almost ten o'clock at night. The muscles in my arms are aching. There are fireworks by the river. 
As the tram comes up Revoluční towards Dlouhá třída it looks beautiful. It will be Autumn soon, and I am wearing a jumper and 
a hoodie for the first time in months. The summer is over, but Prague is beautiful still. Perhaps more so than it was in the 
summer.

On the tram somebody's phone rings. It sounds like a bird singing.

[fireworks]

